#summary Guide for installing GrimWepa onto BackTrack 4
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= GRIM WEPA INSTALLATION GUIDE =

*STEP 0 : BEFORE* we start.

*Run these commands as root!*
To login as root, type:
{{{
su
}}}
then enter the password for your root account.

If you can not get internet access on your system, this install guide can't help you : that's beyond the scope of these instructions. Also, if you are booting from a DVD, then the "installation" will not be permanent. If you don't fall into these two categories, installation of GrimWepa should be a breeze.  The first two steps are downloading grimwepa and the grimstall.sh file, so if you already have those, skip to STEP 3!


*STEP 1 : DOWNLOAD* the GrimWepa install script (grimstall.sh)

Open a console (Terminal) window (it's the black-box icon near the menu button on the lower-left).
You should see a black background with text that says something like:
{{{
root@bt:~#
}}}
Note: If you're booting from VMWare, from an installation, or off of a USB, you should be fine and can ignore this paragraph and skip to the 'wget' code. However, if you are booting into BT4 using a bootable DVD, you MAY need to navigate to the directory /ramdisk/ so you can work with files not included on the DVD. Also, bootable DVD's and non-persistent USB sessions will wipe all the changes you make upon reboot. I don't know how to add GrimWepa as a module to the BT4 ISO file, so you'll have to do these steps below every time you boot into BT4.
Sorry!
To navigate to /ramdisk/, at the console, type:
{{{
cd /ramdisk/
}}}

To download the grimwepa install script, type the following into the console:
{{{
wget http://grimwepa.googlecode.com/files/grimstall.sh
}}}
Alternatively, you could copy that code and paste it into console using Shift+Insert. The wget command will download the install script to the current directory that console is in (usually the default is root). You should now see the file "grimstall.sh" appear (next to other files/directories) when you type:
{{{
ls
}}}
Note: the first letter is a lower-case L, not a capital i.

After you have the GrimWepa install script on your computer (or in RAM via the /ramdisk/ directory), you can move on.


*STEP 3 : CHANGE PERMISSIONS* of the install script

We can't just run the shell script file : we need to change the permissions before we can run it. To change the permissions, type this into the same console window:
{{{
chmod 755 grimstall.sh
}}}
You won't see any output or confirmation, so just assume that the permissions were changed accordingly.


*STEP 4 : INSTALL!!!*

*The grimstall.sh script _will download and install grimwepa v1.0 from this project homepage to your computer!*

Now that we have grimstall.sh with the correct permissions, we can begin the install. In the same console that we've been typing in, type:
{{{
./grimstall.sh install /pentest/wireless/grimwepa/
}}}
GrimWepa will default to install to the directory '/pentest/wireless/grimwepa/' if no other directory is given. This directory common in Backtrack 3 and Backtrack 4 linux distributions, but is not very popular in others.  If you want to install to your own directory, type:
{{{
./grimstall.sh install /home/whatever/directories/you/want/
}}}
*Don't forget the trailing / at the end!*
You should see an output showing GrimWepa being installed. After the install script is done running, you can test if it worked by typing (into console):
{{{
grimwepa
}}}
GrimWepa should open up (after a few seconds), proving the installation was successful.
If you chose to install to '/pentest/wireless/grimwepa/', then GrimWepa should also be in your menu under "BackTrack > Radio Network Analysis > 80211 > Cracking". You can also run GrimWepa by typing "grimwepa" into any console anywhere!

You can now remove the downloaded grimwepa_1.0.jar file (you shan't be needing it now that the jar is saved in whatever directory you chose).

If this installation guide doesn't work, or if I should add/change something (experts), let me know via e-mail so I can correct the problems. Hopefully there are no errors; if you have any, copy/paste the errors to me in an e-mail! I <3 bug reports

..........

*STEP 99 : UNINSTALL* GrimWepa 

So you enjoyed GrimWepa, but now you're grown up, tired of shoddily-automated scripts, and want to banish GrimWepa to the great /dev/null in the sky, eh?

To undo everything that the install script did (basically, to Uninstall GrimWepa), type:
{{{
./grimstall.sh remove /pentest/wireless/grimwepa/
}}}
GrimWepa defaults to uninstall grimwepa from /pentest/wireless/grimwepa/ if no other directory is given ("./grimstall.sh remove").  If you installed GrimWepa to a different directory, type the directory after the 'remove'.

You'll still have to delete the .jar file you downloaded manually:
{{{
rm grimwepa_1.0.jar
}}}

But you don't want to uninstall it... right? 


Thanks for using Grim Wepa!!!